{"status":"Success","data":{"kids_questions":[{"id":"1","question":"Which country first made use of paper money?","option1":"India","option2":"USA","option3":"China","option4":"Japan","answer":"3"},{"id":"2","question":"How many days are there in a leap year?","option1":"365","option2":"366","option3":"300","option4":"368","answer":"2"},{"id":"3","question":"What is the outermost layer of the skin known as? ","option1":"Epidermis","option2":"Dermis","option3":"Tissue","option4":"Hair","answer":"1"},{"id":"4","question":"What number does Giga stand? ","option1":"Thousand","option2":"1 million","option3":"10 Billion","option4":"1 billion","answer":"4"},{"id":"5","question":"Which is the largest ocean in the world?","option1":"The Atlantic Ocean","option2":"Arctic Ocean","option3":"Indian ocean","option4":"Pacific ocean","answer":"4"},{"id":"6","question":"Which is the biggest spider in the world? ","option1":"Billy","option2":"Tarantula","option3":"Andy","option4":"Anna","answer":"2"},{"id":"7","question":"What is the polygon with four Unequal sides called? ","option1":"Square","option2":"Nonagon","option3":"Quadrilateral","option4":"Decagon","answer":"3"},{"id":"8","question":"A scientist who studies rocks is known as? ","option1":"Botanist","option2":"Astronomer","option3":"Geologist","option4":"Cytologist","answer":"3"},{"id":"9","question":"What 2 elements are present in Water?","option1":"Nitrogen & Oxygen","option2":"Hydrogen and Oxygen","option3":"none of the above","option4":"only Oxygen","answer":"2"},{"id":"10","question":"How many seconds are there in 42 hours?","option1":"151210","option2":"150000","option3":"151200","option4":"121500","answer":"3"},{"id":"11","question":"Name the Roma God of Fire. ","option1":"Vulcan","option2":"Cupid","option3":"Mercury","option4":"Apollo","answer":"1"},{"id":"12","question":"How many months are there in 12 Years?","option1":"12","option2":"141","option3":"144","option4":"300","answer":"3"},{"id":"13","question":"Which is the national sport of Canada?","option1":"Cricket","option2":"Football","option3":"Ice Hockey","option4":"Footy","answer":"3"},{"id":"14","question":"Name the force that helps to keep our feet on the ground?","option1":"Nuclear force","option2":"Gravitational Force","option3":"Magnetic force","option4":"Electromagnetic force","answer":"2"},{"id":"15","question":"In which continent of the world is the Sahara Desert located?","option1":"Asia","option2":"Africa","option3":"Antarctica","option4":"Australia","answer":"2"},{"id":"16","question":"Name the natural hardest substance? ","option1":"Rock","option2":"Iron","option3":"Diamond","option4":"Dyneema","answer":"3"},{"id":"17","question":"What is the name of the Molten Rock after the volcanic eruption? ","option1":"Magma","option2":"Lava","option3":"Java","option4":"Crust","answer":"2"},{"id":"18","question":"What is the sum of angles in the Triangle? ","option1":"360","option2":"180","option3":"275","option4":"90","answer":"2"},{"id":"19","question":"How many minutes are there in the Quarter of a Day?","option1":"387","option2":"358","option3":"300","option4":"360","answer":"4"},{"id":"20","question":"In which continent can't bees be found? ","option1":"Asia","option2":"Europe","option3":"Antarctica","option4":"Oceania","answer":"3"}]},"code":"100"}
